[Music]
Hello, I am Dilip Kumar Sahu,
Recruitment Officer of ICICI Lombard Insurance.
Here I recruit
Insurance Advisors. In this video, I
would like to tell you what is the procedure to join ICICI Lombard,
what is the income and
what are the benefits. I will
explain everything in the medium of this video, for which
you must watch till the end. The
minimum qualification to join ICICI Lombard is 12th pass
out. To join here, it
is also necessary to give the IRDA exam,
which is an IRDA exam.
You will have to pay Rs. 000 for the exam. For a good
income, Rs. 1000 for a good opportunity
is nothing. You will have to pay Rs. 1000 only once
and there are
no expenses in your lifetime. You will have income all the time.
This exam procedure is of
8 to 10 days in which
you will be given training. This
exam can be held in any area of ​​India and you can appear
in your nearest branch.  You
can give the exam. There is a short question of 50 marks in the exam,
multiple choice question
in which you need to get 17 marks.
You can pass even with 15 marks.
You can pass by getting grace marks in 2 marks.
After giving the exam, you will be enrolled in ICICI in
which your code will come.
After getting the code, you can work in three segments in
which health will also
come, tax will also come and SM or general will also
come. ICICI Labad is such a brand, it is a
health brand in which your
settlement is on 99, same thing in motors
and same thing in SM, health has the best
product, family floater is also there.
ICICI has the number one position in motors.
Through this,
you can do work of home insurance, travel insurance, motor insurance, all types of general insurance
through a single exam.
You can do so many business opportunities by paying an exam fee of only 000 and
this is also life time. In income, you get income from 15 per
to 35 per, this is your income when you  You are
crossing 1.5 lakhs but your monthly
income here comes at 31, there is also contest for this,
foreign trip also comes, domestic
trip also comes in
which you can take commission on more than 35
and during this it should be said that without
insurance no motor
vehicle moves on the road,
you will get more clients as well
and in today's time, as is the lifestyle,
you will find patients in every house,
in this you have
100% cashless product, 24 hour service,
those who are interested to join with us, those who are
interested
today advisor join in ICICI Labad, now
contact me and contact me on the number given in the screen,
I will get you people
joining with training,
ICICI Labad, Namaskar